Add getting started section (#195)
caikit/caikit: README.md

- [Module](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/docs/adrs/001-module.md)
- [Data model](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/docs/adrs/010-data-model-definition.md)

The `module` defines the entry points for Caikit to manage your model. In other words, it tells Caikit how to load, infer and train your model. An example is the [text sentiment module](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/text_sentiment/runtime_model/hf_module.py). The `data model` defines the input and outputs of the model task. An example is the [text sentiment data model](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/text_sentiment/data_model/classification.py).

The model can then be served by using gRPC, Knative or KServe. Here is an example of the [text sentiment server code for gRPC](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/start_runtime.py). This references the module configuration [here](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/models/text_sentiment/config.yml). This configuration specifies the module(s) (which wraps the model(s)) to serve.

> There is an example of a clien [here](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/client.py) which is a simple Python CLI which calls the model and queries it for sentiment analysis on 2 different pieces of text. The client also references the module configuration.

Reviewer: typo "clien"

Author: Nice catch. Fixed.

When deploying a small handful of models, this benefit is minimal. The benefits are generally realized when consuming 10s or hundreds of AI models, or maintaining an application over time as AI technology evolves. Caikit simplifies the scaling and maintenance of such integrations compared to other runtimes. This is because other runtimes require an AI centric view of the model (for example, the common interface of “tensor in, tensor out”) which means having to code different data transformations into the application for each model. Additionally, the data form of the model may change from version to version.

## Getting Started

There are 2 key things to define upfront when using Caikit to manage your AI model. They are as follows:

- [Module](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/docs/adrs/001-module.md)
- [Data model](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/docs/adrs/010-data-model-definition.md)

> The `module` defines the entry points for Caikit to manage your model. In other words, it tells Caikit how to load, infer and train your model. An example is the [text sentiment module](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/text_sentiment/runtime_model/hf_module.py). The `data model` defines the input and outputs of the model task. An example is the [text sentiment data model](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/text_sentiment/data_model/classification.py).

Reviewer 2: I think we'll want to refine the language about the `data model` here once we've got the `caikit.interfaces` matured to include most of the standard `@task` and `@dataobject` definitions. For now, this is good as is.

Author: ok, noted

> The model can then be served by using gRPC, Knative or KServe. Here is an example of the [text sentiment server code for gRPC](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/start_runtime.py). This references the module configuration [here](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/models/text_sentiment/config.yml). This configuration specifies the module(s) (which wraps the model(s)) to serve.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The model can then be served with a gRPC interface using the container runtime of your choice, including Knative and KServe. Here is an example of the [text sentiment server code for gRPC](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/start_runtime.py). This references the module configuration [here](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/models/text_sentiment/config.yml). This configuration specifies the module(s) (which wraps the model(s)) to serve.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's important to indicate that `gRPC` is the interface and that `knative` and `kserve` are _examples_ of how to get it off the ground, but are certainly not the only way to run it

Author: Good catch.  Updated.

> The model is served by a [gRPC](https://grpc.io) server which can run as is or in container runtime, including [Knative](https://knative.dev/docs/) and [KServe](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/external-add-ons/kserve/kserve/). Here is an example of the [text sentiment server code for gRPC](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/start_runtime.py). This references the module configuration [here](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/models/text_sentiment/config.yml). This configuration specifies the module(s) (which wraps the model(s)) to serve.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The model is served by a [gRPC](https://grpc.io) server which can run as is or in any container runtime, including [Knative](https://knative.dev/docs/) and [KServe](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/external-add-ons/kserve/kserve/). Here is an example of the [text sentiment server code for gRPC](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/start_runtime.py). This references the module configuration [here](https://github.com/caikit/caikit/blob/main/examples/text-sentiment/models/text_sentiment/config.yml). This configuration specifies the module(s) (which wraps the model(s)) to serve.
```
